# Tech I love (And why I love it)

## [Kubernetes](https://kubernetes.io)

Kubernetes has completely taken the development world over. Every cloud provider
is tripping over themselves to create an offering even if it is just checking
the box. This is not without reason. Kubernetes decouples your physical (or
cloud) infrastructure details away from your application deployment. Because the
interface to Kubernetes is just a CRUD REST interface, automating and extending
Kubernetes is simple and straightforward.

## [Docker](https://docker.io)

Packaging your apps in Docker is one thing, but Docker let's you package your
builds as well. Docker can make your workstation, ci/cd server, and your dev and
production environments the same experience. Shipping your app for a quick test
in dev can also be done right from your laptop without checking any code in.

## [Typescript](https://typescriptlang.org)

> Never put off until run time what can be done at compile time. \- A. Glew

Typescript has the most advanced and flexible type system I have ever laid eyes
on. I recently rediscovered just how amazing it is when I went back to writing
java code. There are things you can express in typescript types that you just
can't do in any other language. Adding types to Javascript with typescript makes
it my favorite language to work with.

## [Node.js](https://nodejs.org)

Node.js Is an amazing backend platform. With just one thread to worry about it
can perform complex async operations without having to deal with locks, or
thread pools. Node.js is exceptional for creating stateless services that can be
horizontally scaled. In ever evolving microservice-based architectures,
horizontal scaling is easy and dynamic. The Node.js ecosystem is also amazing.
Every library, strategy, and opinion is constantly challenged and improved. It
can be a bit chaotic but I love it.

## [Linux](https://www.linuxfoundation.org/)

My favorite thing about Linux is the amount of choice it offers. It works well
as a desktop for development, for an internet machine for your grandma, and best
of all servers. Being able to run the same operating system on my laptop and my
servers is amazing. Being able to tweak my desktop to work just how I want it
(when time allows) makes me feel empowered as a developer.

## [Bash?](https://www.gnu.org/software/bash/)

Ok, I know what you're thinking. Bash, really? I mean just look at that website.
Is it 1990 again? Bash itself isn't the best language per se but the paradigm is
so great for building plumbing especially infrastructure. In most
languages/platforms, stringing together disparate technologies usually requires
SDKs or other libraries. In Bash, stringing together disparate systems is
idiomatic. Heck, even `[` is sometimes just a program on your `PATH`.

## [Prettier](https://prettier.io)

> Consistency is almost always better than being right - Professor Welborn

Prettier takes the politics out of formatting. Just create a settings file, turn
on auto format and you are done. You can even use prettier to auto format
existing commits while retaining git blame. When you have a hyper consistent
formatter your git diffs are all about the code and not about the formatting.

## Mechanical Keyboards

If you can't handle me at my clackiest... You probably don't care, but I do. I
love mechanical keyboards. I follow mechanical keyboard communities, I own a
goofy split keyboard that glows rainbow, and I think \$140 is pretty cheap for
halfway decent keyboard.
